Change default value of `action.destructive_requires_name` to True. (#66908)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/indices/delete-index.asciidoc

In this parameter, wildcard expressions match only open, concrete indices. You
cannot delete an index using an <<indices-aliases,alias>>.

> By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are adding blocks to.
> To allow the adding of blocks to indices with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
> expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.
> You can update this setting in the `elasticsearch.yml` file or using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you must explicitly name the indices you are deleting.
To specify indices to delete with `_all`, `*``, or other wildcard
expressions, change the `action.destructive_requires_name` setting to `false`.
You can update this setting in the `elasticsearch.yml` file or using the
```
